README.md, before:

#Introduction
The project is called Before the Trailers and aims to address the bias in movie reviews. It will do this by calculating an adjusted score for the given review based on the reviewer’s history against other reviewer’s history.

#Concept
A web application that gathers reviews from other websites, sources and from user submission that allows users to read those reviews and view the scores free from the bias of the reviewer. This will be done by creating an adjusted score for a movie from the reviews history compared against other reviewer’s history. When the user views a review for a movie there will be two scores displayed being the reviewer’s score and the adjusted score calculated by the website. This will give the user an idea of what the reviewer really thinks of the movie. Users can sign up and become reviewers themselves and post their own reviews. Other users can rate reviews if they feel the review is accurate. Users can search reviews history to see how they reviewed things in the past to see if they align with their reviews align with how they reviewed the movie.
Users can create a feed of reviewers and add their favourites to keep track of reviews they will find valuable.

The application will send users movie suggestions based on other reviews from the application. These suggestions would serve to inform the user of the movie such as a movie that has been out for some time but recently the similar users have rated highly. 

Comparing to existing movie review websites, such as http://www.imdb.com/ and https://www.rottentomatoes.com/, we will average out the user’s reviews based on the previous reviews they have given to similar movies, which will eliminate the biased opionions due to personal preference.

#Team

Angus
ID - 43544631
Role - Frontend

Joy
ID - 43718003
Role - Design

Fatin
ID - 4329270
Role - Content

Kevin
ID - 43554416
Role - Backend

Decision
Decisions will be made by three quarters majority or in the case of a stalemate the team leader(Angus) will decide. 

Poor Performance
The member will be asked to explain the reasons that lead to the situation and actions to be taken to prevent it from happening again.If the reason for the problem is unacceptable or the same problem continues, the other group members will notify the course staff of it. If the problem remains, the course staff will be notified that the group wishes to have a peer review.

Conflicts
Individuals will have equal chance to speak, and hear all sides to gain a full understanding of the issue. The situation will be assessed from all sides; a fair and reasonable solution will be made that everyone will agree upon. If the issues remains unresolved due to disparity of opinions between members, the problem will then be escalated to the course staff for mediation.

#Communication
The team will meet on Fridays after 12pm at University of Queensland if needed. There will also be communication through facebook to organise/discuss issues. All files will be stored and shared through Github while utilising Source Tree to continuously obtain and update working files. The team will be utilising CamelCase as their primary file naming convention. The social platform that has been adopted for the team is facebook due to all team members being on the platform and it also being the fastest method of communication for the team.

#Plan
| Date    | Project Phase and Task    | Resource |
| --------|---------|-------|
| 31/08 - 13/09 | Research and Modeling: 1) Collect raw data, the methodologies may include interview the target users and questionnaire. 2) Refine the initial idea based on the collected data. 3) Build personas. 4) Complete the initial documentation and proposal.   | Questionnaire    |
| 14/09 - 27/09 | Requirement Definition: 1) Analyse user requirements based on the collected data. 2) Describe the capabilities of the product.   |     |
| 28/09 - 04/10 | Design Framework: 1) Reference interaction paradigm, think of possible behaviours that will happen between the users and the product. 2) Start the initial interface design, create the layout and elements involved.   |     |
| 05/10 - 11/10 | Design Refinement: 1)Complete a paper prototype, which includes all the elements created in framework design phase. 2) Conduct user testing using the paper prototype, observe the user’s behaviour and ask them to fill in the questionnaire. 3) Further refine the idea based on the user testing results, mainly focus on the workflow and add/delete elements if needed.   | Paper prototype, Questionnaire, Illustrator    |
| 12/10 - 01/11 | Prototype: 1) Complete digital prototype and the runnable product as much as possible.   | Illustrator, InvisionApp, Balsamic Mockups    |
| 02/11 - 15/11 | Test and Evaluation: 1) Conduct user evaluation test to see if the user requirements are met. 2) Analyse the collected data and make conclusion on the product. 3) Complete the final report.   |     |




#Tags

Commit message:

Added more in the concept section

README.md, after:

#Introduction
The project is called Before the Trailers and aims to address the bias in movie reviews. It will do this by calculating an adjusted score for the given review based on the reviewer’s history against other reviewer’s history.

#Concept
A web application that gathers reviews from other websites, sources and from user submission that allows users to read those reviews and view the scores free from the bias of the reviewer. This will be done by creating an adjusted score for a movie from the reviews history compared against other reviewer’s history. When the user views a review for a movie there will be two scores displayed being the reviewer’s score and the adjusted score calculated by the website. This will give the user an idea of what the reviewer really thinks of the movie. Users can sign up and become reviewers themselves and post their own reviews. Other users can rate reviews if they feel the review is accurate. Users can search reviews history to see how they reviewed things in the past to see if they align with their reviews align with how they reviewed the movie.

Users will be able to create a feed of reviewers they will would like to follow and read their reviews easily. The reviewers that the user follows will affect the users movie suggestions allowing the user to personalize their experience.

The application will send users movie suggestions based on other reviews from the application. These suggestions would serve to inform the user of the movie such as a movie that has been out for some time but recently the similar users have rated highly. 

The target audience of the application is 16-30 as they are most likely to go to see movies. They are willing to use online media to find reviews rather than the older generations relying on reviews publish in physical new media. They are likely to have access to movies through various means such as Netflix. This will allow the user to find movies they can watch immediately  as well as new releases. Younger generations will also be less likely to have seen older movies and allow the recommendations section to be more useful when recommendated older movies seeing a surge in popularity.

Comparing to other sources for reviews such as [IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/) and [Rotten Tomatoes](https://www.rottentomatoes.com/) this application will allow the user to view an adjusted score for how the movie compares to other similar movies the reviewer has seen instead of just showing the normal rating. The application will also allow the user to follow reviewers they like to see what movies they are reviewing.

#Team

Angus

ID - 43544631

Role - Frontend

Joy

ID - 43718003

Role - Design

Fatin

ID - 4329270

Role - Content

Kevin

ID - 43554416

Role - Backend

Decision

Decisions will be made by three quarters majority or in the case of a stalemate the team leader(Angus) will decide. 

Poor Performance

The member will be asked to explain the reasons that lead to the situation and actions to be taken to prevent it from happening again.If the reason for the problem is unacceptable or the same problem continues, the other group members will notify the course staff of it. If the problem remains, the course staff will be notified that the group wishes to have a peer review.

Conflicts

Individuals will have equal chance to speak, and hear all sides to gain a full understanding of the issue. The situation will be assessed from all sides; a fair and reasonable solution will be made that everyone will agree upon. If the issues remains unresolved due to disparity of opinions between members, the problem will then be escalated to the course staff for mediation.

#Communication
The team will meet on Fridays after 12pm at University of Queensland if needed. There will also be communication through facebook to organise/discuss issues. All files will be stored and shared through Github while utilising Source Tree to continuously obtain and update working files. The team will be utilising CamelCase as their primary file naming convention. The social platform that has been adopted for the team is facebook due to all team members being on the platform and it also being the fastest method of communication for the team.

#Plan
| Date    | Project Phase and Task    | Resource |
| --------|---------|-------|
| 31/08 - 13/09 | Research and Modeling: 1) Collect raw data, the methodologies may include interview the target users and questionnaire. 2) Refine the initial idea based on the collected data. 3) Build personas. 4) Complete the initial documentation and proposal.   | Questionnaire    |
| 14/09 - 27/09 | Requirement Definition: 1) Analyse user requirements based on the collected data. 2) Describe the capabilities of the product.   |     |
| 28/09 - 04/10 | Design Framework: 1) Reference interaction paradigm, think of possible behaviours that will happen between the users and the product. 2) Start the initial interface design, create the layout and elements involved.   |     |
| 05/10 - 11/10 | Design Refinement: 1)Complete a paper prototype, which includes all the elements created in framework design phase. 2) Conduct user testing using the paper prototype, observe the user’s behaviour and ask them to fill in the questionnaire. 3) Further refine the idea based on the user testing results, mainly focus on the workflow and add/delete elements if needed.   | Paper prototype, Questionnaire, Illustrator    |
| 12/10 - 01/11 | Prototype: 1) Complete digital prototype and the runnable product as much as possible.   | Illustrator, InvisionApp, Balsamic Mockups    |
| 02/11 - 15/11 | Test and Evaluation: 1) Conduct user evaluation test to see if the user requirements are met. 2) Analyse the collected data and make conclusion on the product. 3) Complete the final report.   |     |

#Tags
\#Bias \#Collaboration \#Conversation \#Awareness \#Corroboration
\#Movie \#Reviewers
